Added instructions on how to configure windows for windows users wanting to use QIIME2. (#487)
qiime2/docs: source/install/index.rst

   :maxdepth: 2

   native

>    WSL

Reviewer: Please move this entry into `source/install/virtual/index`.

```suggestion
```

   virtual/index

Recommendations
---------------

> The :doc: `native conda installation <native>`_ is generally the recommended

Reviewer: Please revert this change (or let me know if you want me to).

  - On newer versions of Windows, performing a :doc:`native conda
    installation <native>` in the `Windows Subsystem for Linux`_ usually

>     works well. See :doc:`here <WSL>` for instructions on how to set up the Windows Subsystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    works well. See :doc:`the WSL tutorial <virtual/wsl>` for instructions on how to set up the Windows Subsystem.
```
